look I said you please quacking screw
little squares oh my god is that Nina I
stress urbana
purpose let you lose weight but it's
Marcus he's all oh yeah again with
Chanel ah yeah bad luck which brush were
selected who screwed Prez oh ah oh yeah
if anything I was quiet so I'll be
bucket again then should sit on Bravo's
Kanaga but she with a bubble of sadness
goes up a little bit yeah see Chris but
nice to tiny another more squeezed out
ah la la la la la so as a good boy
poodle wasn't a bookie onion this one
too young well that bubble though could
you know a lot in my life it's good to
see the old buddies here should I got my
Sydney other which is annoyed that's
retarded pirate the news Ursula to couch
it havoc with la piscina edgy black shoe
deepika aku group sitting on your bed
taka can you stop what you movin ECG
society but yumasaki machine he died
upon a bottom attention Ito's - oh no
panic scream sitamma lost re Pacino
techie Uncle Joe Perry Marcus
capriciousness Sega was like Apple IIC
og mysterious Odyssey with a machine
effective in Patong anything of is hola
Pablo hola Gatito my cd18 wish report a
society to determine its wickedness
mizuna you know what you tablet you
cannot forgot you look well with knuckle
you with a girl with a do better later
she's got a fine ass I'm on the edge a
bitch has bled puzzle on Yuna today
look at you
ok lunula yeah so you swap this was a
new bachelor who's in the hood to the
sly ah yah ah yeah I got is what is it
now sighing you put me Mickey
what's it like over in it but it hadn't
been for cotton-eye Joe
I've been married long time ago where
did you come from where did you go where
did you come from cotton